README.md, before:

# MyContainer - C++ Template Container with Custom Iterators

**Author:** baruh.ifraimov@gmail.com

## Project Overview

This project implements a generic template-based container class `MyContainer` in C++ with support for multiple custom iterator types. The container supports dynamic addition and removal of comparable elements (integers, doubles, strings, etc.) and provides six different iteration patterns.

## Features

### Core Container Operations
- **Dynamic Element Management**: Add and remove elements at runtime
- **Template Support**: Works with any comparable type (int, double, string, etc.)
- **Exception Handling**: Robust error handling with appropriate exceptions
- **Memory Safe**: No memory leaks (validated with valgrind)

### Six Iterator Types
1. **Order Iterator**: Traverses elements in insertion order
2. **AscendingOrder Iterator**: Traverses elements in sorted ascending order
3. **DescendingOrder Iterator**: Traverses elements in sorted descending order
4. **ReverseOrder Iterator**: Traverses elements in reverse insertion order
5. **SideCrossOrder Iterator**: Alternates between smallest and largest elements
6. **MiddleOutOrder Iterator**: Starts from middle, alternates left and right

## File Structure

```
CPP_EX4_25/
├── MyContainer.hpp   # Container implementation
├── main.cpp          # Showcase
├── test.cpp          # Test suite
├── doctest.h         # Testing framework header
├── makefile          # Makefile
└── README.md         # This documentation
```


### Iterator Classes

Each iterator class implements:
- **Constructor**: Takes container pointer and index
- **Copy Constructor**: Deep copy semantics
- **Destructor**: Automatic cleanup
- **Dereference Operators**: `operator*()` and `const operator*()`
- **Increment Operators**: Pre-increment `++it` and post-increment `it++`
- **Comparison Operators**: `operator==()` and `operator!=()`
- **Assignment Operator**: `operator=()`

## Exception Handling

The implementation provides comprehensive error handling:

### Container Operations
- **`remove()`**: Throws `std::invalid_argument` if element doesn't exist
- **Null Pointer**: All iterator constructors validate non-null container pointers

### Iterator Operations
- **Dereferencing**: Throws `std::out_of_range` when dereferencing end iterator
- **Increment**: Throws `std::out_of_range` when incrementing past end
- **Empty Container**: Handling of empty container edge cases

## Test Coverage

The test suite (`test.cpp`) provides comprehensive coverage on the next subjects:
1. Basic Operations Tests
2. Element Management Tests
3. Remove Operations Tests
4. Iterator Type Tests (All 6 Types)
5. Template Support Tests
6. Error Handling Tests
7. Edge Case Tests
---

Commit message:

Enhance README and makefile; add valgrind check for tests and improve iterator equality operators

README.md, after:

# MyContainer - C++ Template Container with Custom Iterators

**Author:** baruh.ifraimov@gmail.com

## Project Overview

This project implements a generic template-based container class `MyContainer` in C++ with support for six custom iterator types that are implemented as inner class (per ). The container supports dynamic addition and removal of comparable elements (integers, doubles, strings, etc.) and provides six different iteration patterns.

## Features

### Core Container Operations
- **add**: Adds a given object to the container.
- **remove**: By a given object, and removes it from the container, if there is any duplicates, the container removes them too. Throws error for invalid object.
- **size**: Returns container size.
- **operator<<**: Enables to print the container objects
- **Template Support**: Works with any comparable type (int, double, string, etc.)

### Six Iterator Types
1. **Order Iterator**: Traverses elements in insertion order
2. **AscendingOrder Iterator**: Traverses elements in sorted ascending order
3. **DescendingOrder Iterator**: Traverses elements in sorted descending order
4. **ReverseOrder Iterator**: Traverses elements in reverse insertion order
5. **SideCrossOrder Iterator**: Alternates between smallest and largest elements
6. **MiddleOutOrder Iterator**: Starts from middle, alternates left and right

## File Structure

```
CPP_EX4_25/
├── MyContainer.hpp   # Container implementation
├── main.cpp          # Showcase
├── test.cpp          # Test suite
├── doctest.h         # Testing framework header
├── makefile          # Makefile
└── README.md         # This documentation
```


### Iterator Classes

Each iterator class implements:
- **Constructor**: Takes container pointer and index
- **Copy Constructor**: Deep copy semantics
- **Destructor**: Automatic cleanup
- **Dereference Operators**: `operator*()`
- **Increment Operators**: Pre-increment `++it` and post-increment `it++`
- **Comparison Operators**: `operator==()` and `operator!=()`
- **Assignment Operator**: `operator=()`

## Exception Handling

The implementation provides comprehensive error handling:

### Container Operations
- **`remove()`**: Throws `std::invalid_argument` if element doesn't exist
- **Null Pointer**: All iterator constructors validate non-null container pointers

### Iterator Operations
- **Dereferencing (operator *)**: Throws `std::out_of_range` when dereferencing end iterator
- **Increment (operator++)**: Throws `std::out_of_range` when incrementing past end
- **Empty Container**: Handling of empty container edge cases

## Test Coverage

The test suite (`test.cpp`) provides comprehensive coverage on the next subjects:
1. Basic Operations Tests
2. Element Management Tests
3. Remove Operations Tests
4. Iterator Type Tests (All 6 Types)
5. Template Support Tests
6. Error Handling Tests
7. Edge Case Tests
---
